For about 12 years, it was completely
impossible for me to get snow in my
super flat world. But the worst part
wasn't being able to decorate with it or
not being able to use snow golems in my
farms. It was all the people constantly
telling me I just needed to build high
up in the world and wait for snow, which
is not how it works in Planes Biomes,
and it never has. I mean, it does snow
if you go up high enough, but that level
is way above height limit. But all this
finally changed when Mojang added in the
trial chambers. I was able to go into
one of the chambers and grab both powder
snow and enough snowballs to make a snow
golem and get an infinite supply. But
even though I'd been wanting snow for
over a decade, I just kind of put it in
a Shulker box and moved on. It's already
been like a year and a half and I just
never really did anything with it. So
since it's Christmas, I decided to
finally remove the white carpet covering
my cobblestone mountain that's been up
there forever and instead placed some
beautiful snow layers. Then I put up a
Christmas tree complete with fancy
ornaments and a nether star at the top.
I made sure to make some presents for
all my best friends like Mountain Pig,
Wy Tea, and all of my cats. And I even
made a present for you guys, the
viewers. But all I want for Christmas is
for you to subscribe.